EGOCENTRISM BUFFING MOD:
Default values are not indicative of default vanilla values.
Default values:
	Allows Egocentrism to grant generic stat boosts when stacked
	Prevents conversion of other lunar items
	Prioritizes items of a higher rarity while maintaining randomness

Config Options:
(int)   Initial Health Bonus: 0
(int)   Health per stack: +5
(int)   Initial Armor Bonus: 0
(int)   Armor per stack: +5
(float) Initial Regen Bonus: 0
(float) Regen per stack: +0.3/s
(float) Initial Movement Speed Bonus: 0
(float) Movement Speed per stack: +2.8%
(bool)  Movement Speed Reciprocal Stacking: true
	= If true, movement speed stacking will have diminishing returns, up to the reciprocal stacking cap.
	= Useful to prevent uncontrollable movement at high stacks.
(float) Movement Speed Reciprocal Stacking Cap: 100%

(bool)  Bomb Stacking: false
	= If true, the above stacking stat bonuses apply with current bomb count instead of item count
(bool)  Primary Replacement: false
	= If true, replaces primary skill with a bomblet ability, unless you have Visions of Heresy
(bool)  Passive Bomb Attack Enabled: true
	= If false, disables bomb passive attack
(bool)  Active Bomb Attack Enabled: false
	= If true, using a skill will attempt to fire bombs at enemies
(bool)  On-Hit Bomb Attack Enabled: false
	= If true, bombs will fire at enemies that you damage
(bool)  Bomb Generation Enabled: true
	= If false, disables bombs completely

(float) Bomb Creation Initial Rate (IR): 3 seconds
(float) Bomb Creation Stacking Rate Multiplier (SRM): 0.75
(float) Bomb Creation Stacking Rate Subtractor (SRS): 0
	= Formula: IR * (SRM ^ Stacksize) - (SRS * Stacksize)
	= Has an overall minimum value of 1/60th of a second due to vanilla limitations
(float) Bomb Damage: 3.5
(float) Bomb Damage Stacking: 0.1
(int)   Bomb Initial Cap: 3
(float) Bomb Stacking Cap: 1
	= Rounded down after making the calculation.
(float) Bomb Initial Range Meters: 15
(float) Bomb Stacking Range Meters: 2.5

(float) Conversion Timer (T): 60 seconds
	= Set to a negative number to disable conversion altogether. Not recommended.
(float) Conversion Timer Stacking Multiplier (TM): 1
(float) Conversion Timer Stacking Subtractor (TS): 0
	= Formula: T * (TM ^ Stacksize) - (TS * Stacksize)
(float) Conversion Timer Minimum: 1
(float) Conversion Timer Maximum: 120
	= Set to a negative number for unlimited max time

(bool)  Soulbind: false
	= If true, damage taken be Egocentrism holders is split between all nearby allies.

(bool)  Regenerating Ego: false
	= If true, then regenerating scrap that gets absorbed into Egocentrism is consumed instead of destroyed

Conversion Type: EGOCENTRISM
	EGOCENTRISM
		-items are converted to egocentrism
	LUNAR
		-items are converted to a random lunar item, not necessarily Egocentrism

Conversion Rules: WEIGHTED
	VANILLA
		-standard, no change. ignores rarity:priority list
		-same as setting all values in list to 1 and selecting weighted, random tiebreaker
	WEIGHTED
		-randomly selects based on weighted rarity:priority list
		-for a simple, random white/blacklist, set the priority of whitelisted rarities to 1 and/or blacklisted rarities to 0
	PRIORITY
		-selects the highest priority rarity available based on rarity:priority list
	CYCLIC
		-cycles through the rarities in order of rarity:priority list, with multiple times equal to the priority
	KARMIC
		-cycles through the rarities in a random order, with multiple times equal to the priority
		-weighted chance-based selection, with guaranteed tier selection before too long, based on rarity:priority list
		-resets "karma" every *n* conversions, where *n* is the sum of all priorities in the rarity:priority list
		-it's like if cyclic was weighted

Unavailable Rules: HIGHER
	= Does not matter if selected conversion rule is VANILLA
	LOWER
		-goes down the priority list to find next lowest tier
	HIGHER
		-goes up the priority list to find next highest tier
	NEXT
		-goes down the rarity list to find the next lowest tier
	PREVIOUS
		-goes up the rarity list to find the next highest tier
	REROLL
		-attempts a new conversion, without the unavailable rarity/ies

Rarity Priority Tiebreaker: ORDER
	= Only matters if PRIORITY or CYCLIC is enabled.
	RANDOM
		-randomly selects the tier every roll
		-may cause selection issues on cyclic. these issues can be avoided by using karmic instead of cyclic.
	ORDER
		-selects the tier that appears furthest up the list

Rarity Priority List:
	voidyellow:50,
	voidred:40,
	red:40,
	yellow:30,
	voidgreen:20,
	green:20,
	voidwhite:10,
	white:10,
	lunar:0
	= A priority of 0 blacklists that tier from Egocentrism
	= If a rarity is not listed here, its weight will be defaulted to 0, and thus cannot be converted by Egocentrism
	= Higher numbers means Egocentrism is more conditioned to select that tier of item

Item Priority List:
	beetle gland: 1,
	empathy cores: 6,
	defense nucleus: 3,
	spare drone parts: 5,
	white scrap: 10,
	green scrap: 15,
	yellow scrap: 5,
	red scrap: 1,
	regenerating scrap: -10
	= Added to rarity priority for that specific item
	= If you explicitly write an item and then follow it up with a priority of 0, that item will be blacklisted


FOR-FUNS:

(bool)  Mithrix Dialogue: false
	= If true, will put relevant Mithrix dialogue in chat based on what you're doing. Likely on a cooldown to prevent spam. eg:
		"YOURNAME: Pray." when entering a new stage (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: Your body will shatter." when dealing damage (chance based, damage % based)
		"YOURNAME: DIE, VERMIN." when dealing damage (chance based, damage % based, below half health)
		"YOURNAME: Return to dirt." when killing (chance-based, target cannot be mechanical)
		"YOURNAME: Inferior construct. Broken." when killing (chance-based, target must be mechanical)
		"YOURNAME: AS I THOUGHT..." when killing (chance-based, below half health)
		"YOURNAME: YOU CANNOT DEFY ME, GUARDIAN." when killing Aurelionite (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: NO... NOT NOW..." when killed (ignores cooldown)

(bool)  False Son Dialogue: false
	= If Mithrix Dialogue is also true, it'll flip a coin to determine which one to use
	= If true, will put relevant False Son dialogue in chat based on what you're doing. Likely on a cooldown to prevent spam. eg:
		"YOURNAME: Leave me." when entering a new stage (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: Pointless." when dealing damage (chance based, damage % based)
		"YOURNAME: WHO WILL SHATTER FIRST?" when dealing damage (chance based, damage % based, below half health)
		"YOURNAME: As it should be." when killing (chance-based, target cannot be mechanical)
		"YOURNAME: Removing pest..." when killing (chance-based, target must be mechanical)
		"YOURNAME: It is MY RIGHT." when killing (chance-based, below half health)
		"YOURNAME: RETURN YOUR STOLEN POWER, VERMIN" when Aurelionite is spawned as an enemy (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: Rest. Soon we will all be free." when an allied Aurelionite dies (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: Only the storm will remember you." when an enemy dies to something other than a player (chance based)
		"YOURNAME: This cannot be... my end." when killed (ignores cooldown)
		"YOURNAME: THE VOICES... I can hear... me?" when killed with an allied Aurelionite present (ignores cooldown)